are you a consent message I'm gonna try
alright hello everybody and welcome to
this week's IP fest documentation and
develop your user experience weekly
meeting
I am your unofficial host for the week
standing in for Johnny who has just
joined us you can find out more about
anything that we are doing in the docs
working group at IP good hub comm / IP
fest Doc's including notes on how to
read the meeting notes for this call and
how do you find future calls today we
are welcoming Eric's case to discuss
what you're working on so Johnny just to
catch you up Eric's working on gateway
sock eta for the first draft sometime
this week
I had suggested just because we have the
it's a little hard with how we have the
repo set up just a push it as a net new
PR with a prefix of like WIP
so that we can review what he's got
later on this because he can't he can't
push against the existing document as it
is which I can't make a branch on your
repo that has my work in progress and
that's fine yeah that makes more sense
than just to do at the office and then
we can discuss the PR probably want to
have some folks review it we're a little
bit closer to the gateways just for
details mm-hmm anning it's issue 93 was
yeah one other thing that we might want
to add later there was some talk in sync
meeting last week just about gateways
and scale and using the public gateway
and discouraging folks from using the
public gateway it past a certain point
of scale because like make your own
gateway right so that might be something
that we want
and we might want to end up adding some
content on but let's defer that until
all right we see your first batch yeah
and if there's other stuff that you come
across
feel free to shove me a pointer and I'll
figure out how best to fold it in any
other questions you have that good for
now let's see just trying to find issue
I put it up in the first line uh yeah
Johnny are you in the notes as well I'll
come to you just in case yeah could you
put them in the chat I'm on a new laptop
today so that's why I see ah hey I like
zoom wasn't installed slack wasn't
installed it takes like today is this
finale just to get your moment like I
knew it dude who who had I don't know
the details of how he set this up but
he'd he'd hosted somewhere all of the
artifacts that he need and like a disk
image that he could just basically
install his dem environment from scratch
on any laptop which he was using cuz he
kept going he was looking for a job and
he was going into all of these like
technical interviews where they give him
a laptop he'd never seen before and
asked him to code something and like he
would just get so flummoxed by not being
admired that he was used to mm-hmm so
you rolled this thing and that ended up
like getting it before the coding
exercise that's cool yeah I mean one
day's time I like Bashaw see on some
server so I can just W get it down and
everything I'm on book yeah running
Windows at the moment it's it's an
absolute mat like we're you and why are
you in Windows because my other loves
I'll tell you later
you know a guy who did something very
similar to that and all this stuff for
his environment he kept him on an
encrypted live strike because he
traveled to China all the time and every
time he went to China he started with a
virgin machine waited until he got into
the border put up the environment that
he needed wiped the machine before he
left no that's a very real thing I am
like just running through the agenda
here so we've also got a few outstanding
PRS I know Johnny these are probably on
your radar but we should get back to
their respective contributors ASAP on
these yeah so let me just pull up the
three PR right now okay cool so the
there's an update from the bit swap here
and the chap who's doing that is
currently away yeah yeah he said he
would look at stuff but he might not do
a whole bunch yeah exactly
but just as long as that gets done
probably like in the next couple of
weeks you'll be fine there's a few more
things I wanted to add into that PR I'm
gonna speed probably just make comments
within the PR itself so it's a bit more
visible yeah well as far as the best
hope on is going that looks good to me
okay yeah so there's two there's two
outstanding PRS from angle a about one's
on bit swap the other yeah and then also
Leon's got there's some outstanding so
family owns IP LD yeah that should be
ready to merge and I had a chat with
pizza or patter figure on how he
pronounces his name last week just
regarding the IP LD stuff he was like I
guess the
the eye peeled the expert and you just
had some changes so I've spoken to Leon
send him a quick email of all those
change to going again but they should be
good to go I believe just because the
issue with it wasn't the patent changes
like the work that you've done was
bother anything it's just that there was
a lot of stuff that he's gathered from
the documentation from other places
it isn't strictly true because I feel
the like it's still very much in like
the early stages so things like it was
mentioned in modes of different videos
and stuff like that the linking between
like the hash of a Bitcoin transaction
and then the hash of like a get Camillo
something like that could be possible
throughout the early yes that is
possible but like right now it's not
just because the observer isn't there
and I build these so we discussed the
idea of having it instead of like an
example this is what you can do with I
peeled is gonna be more of like this is
what you will be able to do with I think
if that makes sense okay so the aim is
to get that merge sometime this week
yeah and that's couple of days I would
imagine yeah looks like and then notes
here I wasn't really prepared to leave
this meeting things that are new since
last week your home page refactoring you
were talk through that a little bit yeah
this was a I guess this was an issue
that got raised back in December and I
finally got around to actually doing
something about it
just made a home page more friendly and
just make it like a lot more call to
actions and getting users and readers to
be able to jump into stuff as soon as
they hit the home page obviously you've
gone through so you've you've reviewed
that VI which is great thanks a lot for
you you helped their own your copy
editing and things in your design chops
me changing the the fun way from 100 to
200 I think that was I didn't look at
that in a and I was just in like every
face I don't know what 200 looks like in
your in your dev environment it's a yeah
I mean I don't really have
designed bones in my body but it looked
it looks like to me but again we can we
can change you to other okay yeah I mean
once once you've got that in somewhere
that's got a preview when we've got the
circle see I previewed let me know I'll
take a look at a couple of different
browsers yeah
sounds like there's still like like two
bits of conversation that we need things
that we need to discuss in there maybe
should table experts closer to this
conversation yeah sure yeah how
contributor recruitment are there any
updates on that
no major updates right now is pretty was
just me pinging people being like hey
we've got this work coming up are you
available and just essentially going
through that she gave me some people are
just like not really responding of the
people are like I'm not available right
now
I've sent our bar like he must about 10
of people now there's a couple of
writers in Toronto I met this weekend on
chat so they're really enthusiastic
about jumping on board once they finish
their current project they both work at
the same place and that's gonna be
ending sort of midway through March so
that'd be great to get them on board and
yeah pretty much that's how that's going
okay I'm looking at Liz on her board it
looks like there aren't any new aren't
any new issues that have been raised
from the community automate spelling and
grammar checking I'm gonna throw that in
the icebox since yeah that's probably
fun that's gonna get tackled yeah that's
gonna be so we talked about doing
automation and things like that in
probably q2 of this year so that would
didn't that whole task would involve API
automation and things like that which
then involves the JSI button yeah and
they've been all being bundled into one
quarter but yeah so throw them in there
and then contributor guidelines and
reference materials these are not except
for the co persona right yeah and the
reason the coke son is not done is
because I'm still reaching out to Mary
so on the go ipfs team JSF the first
team to get their ideas of what they
think a large project should be like
what what it should be based around like
kind of features they want to kind of
show off with ipfs and very stiff things
like that so that's like a Bevin
description there right now I was
actually considering using the new
discussion beta the github released
recently it's what you can just have
like Stack Overflow like discussions I
kind of bring another because it's not
necessarily an issue on its own this is
just I kind of want to flow ideas around
and find out what the best code example
project would be yeah exactly because
yeah like a couple of weeks ago I was
thinking maybe I open post on our forum
and do through that but since it's
already now built into like hope of them
I'll just keep everything self-contained
in that and also it's a good at it's
like test out this beta you know useful
it is what else is new I don't think so
I've got a new computer and it's on
Windows and it's really awful to work
with but yeah by Windows so I was
getting aggravated lis annoyed with my
macbook so I got the MacBook Air 29:19
model and it was just it did the job but
when it came to do anything remotely
difficult so like spinning I like having
to sort of web servers running on your
laptop at once I'm trying to spin up of
the just it just couldn't hack it like
it runs like an i5 dual core so it's
just is really not powerful enough so I
got this new laptop which is really good
well I've no like I got it yesterday and
I'm out time to put a Linux honey or
anything like that yeah so that'll be
that'll be a task for this evening I
think
all right I mean take the time you need
if that's something you need to do today
to get up running it up and running in
your own speed you know by all means get
yourself settled it and that's not
something it to do outside of working
time um do and Eric you're free to leave
at any point unless you had any other
questions I appreciate you hanging on
this call now those I'm always happy to
get inside as to what else is happening
in the environment so my hanging around
I might share my screen real quick Ron
yes you just want to like talk through
the rest of the homepage read chapter
notes yeah
yeah show noise all right can you see me
I can't Eve all right it looks like it
looks like there were only like two
things that didn't get resolved I wish
you could do this is like not as
individual commits cuz I like I got like
I got up I got out of the shower and it
was like why do I 37 emails just like I
saw that I was like yeah that's good
I know it does it is a separate which is
such a pain in the butt which you know
is fine
it sounds like the only two things that
are outstanding were actually and then
this one yeah that should be motioning I
just yeah so mark says resolved but then
I can't I can't now push that Commission
like this is a would kill feature I
don't really know what's going on really
but there was the I mean the big one
that kind of stood out like oh you're
committing like really good apart from
the the use of the word centralized yeah
I mean to me it has like blockchain and
crypto conversations and it's not really
a word that regular people really use
when I first I didn't like blockchain
world it was like what you mean
centralized I've ever heard of this
before right what about like let's see
cuz we're also saying break free from
centralization and I think that's
yeah I mean no this is not this is
different I mean I don't really mind
using the word centralization I guess
it's not too terrible as long as we very
strictly defined what we mean by it so
like the idea of having like a central
server that controls everything or a
central company that controls everything
but I feel that there's a easier way to
say that it's just I'm not sure I mean
since I don't really have any other
ideas we can we can merge this in for
now and then maybe over the next week or
so I'll get like a spark of inspiration
and be like oh we call it something else
so are you just thinking are you just
thinking break free from centralization
is that what is that the phrase that
you're not yeah yeah essentially like
everything up to that point so Paul the
movements agree the next generation of
the Internet
definitely fine that's great but it's
just a break free from centralization
also reminds me that Freddie Mercury
song I mean why don't we just say I mean
why don't why don't we just say the next
generation of the Internet I mean I'd be
totally happy getting rid of the
centralization language entirely I think
that's from like a first second
paragraph perspective I think that's
really all you need to know yeah cool I
mean talking about centralizing there's
definitely something we need to address
within somewhere within the docs it's
like a it's a major part of what ipfs is
fixing but yeah maybe it just doesn't
need to be like right at the top because
it's just that to me it's another it's
another buzzword the the crypto
community really loves to jump on top of
it's already too many too many buzzwords
and watching all right should I just
merge that in yeah yeah good lobby
brilliant it's gotta make a whole other
[Music]
if you go to the bottom is that like
another thing oh they
so change is approved so I guess it's
all going through enough yeah I think
that is cool
except for this Oh host a static website
on our qfs can I just say host your
website and IP us because yeah yeah
that's fine why did I not see that one
see it hi some of them I don't know what
43 individual commits comments because
that's how code reviews work and github
and then you end up with like 50 little
windows yeah this was like one of the we
had a chat with some people at love week
and people were so upset about
just like code reviews and how get love
does it so much bad but I'm not gonna
get into no it's all good all right so
I'm just gonna see let me I'm gonna
watch the circle see I build this thing
and let's see how the font way it looks
but talk to Chris because he will bust
your chops for inline styles I talked
about a couple of things I guess he's
got his head into the other right now I
think it'll work for now but I think
there may just be I think if we're gonna
we're gonna throw like a subhead style
anywhere else like like if we like that
style looks like actually turn it into
like an actual but I can just that's
like something yeah I completely agree
because the yeah just something I kind
of want to throw until like the I guess
the top level index page of each section
just be like hey this is what this
urchins about the top bits of bold oh
yeah cool but yeah like yeah inline
style there's a the seventh circle of
hell is reserved for people who just
display:none stuff use implosion plugs
at the end of other code yeah really
yeah yeah I've done that before yeah all
righty um eventually this will run
incest I'm gonna go ahead and stop the
recording of this meeting since now
we're just watching some bread get baked
cool and thank you everybody who has
joined us
I'm gonna try to stop recording cuz a
tryna stop recording what the what still
see the little recording let's try those
now since we're all since we're all here
what does it look like yes sometimes the
baby screen sharing is preventing you
from know wait we've not yeah it's not
showing the IPF first bill I'm going to
stop sharing my screen controller this
is sad you're watching me in a video
flail over how to use the zoom okay I'll
trouble this bed up there we go alright
I'm gonna stop the video thank you all
for joining we shall see you next week
same bat-time same bat-channel
under johnny's direction we'll go from
there
alright thank you very much alright
video has stopped cool I can still see
your screen it says recording her that's
all life maybe